README.md, before:

# Companionship Care
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-4-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

Promoting companionship and wellness for elderly persons.

## Copyright

This project is licensed under the [European Union Public License](LICENSE) (EUPL) version 1.2 or later.

More information about the EUPL, including translations in over 20 languages, can be found at the links below.

- [EUPL.eu](https://www.eupl.eu/)
- [EUPL text (EUPL-1.2) | Joinup - European Union](https://joinup.ec.europa.eu/collection/eupl/eupl-text-eupl-12)

## Thanks

This project was made possible by the following resources.

- Roshan Chokshi [How to Use Email as Username for Django Authentication.](https://dev.to/chokshiroshan/how-to-use-email-as-username-for-django-authentication-8if)
- Will Vincent [Django Best Practices: Custom User Model](https://learndjango.com/tutorials/django-custom-user-model)

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center"><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/anykate/"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1500690?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Aniket Aryamane</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/GeriLife/companionship-care/commits?author=anykate" title="Code">💻</a></td>
      <td align="center"><a href="http://linkedin.com/in/brylie-christopher-oxley/"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/17307?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Brylie Christopher Oxley</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#design-brylie" title="Design">🎨</a> <a href="https://github.com/GeriLife/companionship-care/commits?author=brylie" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#ideas-brylie" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="https://github.com/GeriLife/companionship-care/commits?author=brylie" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#projectManagement-brylie" title="Project Management">📆</a></td>
      <td align="center"><a href="http://kelvinmunyao01@gmail.com"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/95211922?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Munyao Kelvin</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/GeriLife/companionship-care/commits?author=Marsh-sudo" title="Code">💻</a></td>
      <td align="center"><a href="http://steamcommunity.com/id/lkx7_adhd"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/29896527?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>TheMythologist</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#infra-TheMythologist" title="Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)">🚇</a> <a href="https://github.com/GeriLife/companionship-care/commits?author=TheMythologist" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

Commit message:

Add contributing section
Signed-off-by: Brylie Christopher Oxley <brylie@amble.fi>

README.md, after:

# Companionship Care
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-4-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

Promoting companionship and wellness for elderly persons.

## Contributing

See our [Contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details about how to contribute.

## Copyright

This project is licensed under the [European Union Public License](LICENSE) (EUPL) version 1.2 or later.

More information about the EUPL, including translations in over 20 languages, can be found at the links below.

- [EUPL.eu](https://www.eupl.eu/)
- [EUPL text (EUPL-1.2) | Joinup - European Union](https://joinup.ec.europa.eu/collection/eupl/eupl-text-eupl-12)

## Thanks

This project was made possible by the following resources.

- Roshan Chokshi [How to Use Email as Username for Django Authentication.](https://dev.to/chokshiroshan/how-to-use-email-as-username-for-django-authentication-8if)
- Will Vincent [Django Best Practices: Custom User Model](https://learndjango.com/tutorials/django-custom-user-model)

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center"><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/anykate/"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1500690?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Aniket Aryamane</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/GeriLife/companionship-care/commits?author=anykate" title="Code">💻</a></td>
      <td align="center"><a href="http://linkedin.com/in/brylie-christopher-oxley/"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/17307?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Brylie Christopher Oxley</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#design-brylie" title="Design">🎨</a> <a href="https://github.com/GeriLife/companionship-care/commits?author=brylie" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#ideas-brylie" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="https://github.com/GeriLife/companionship-care/commits?author=brylie" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#projectManagement-brylie" title="Project Management">📆</a></td>
      <td align="center"><a href="http://kelvinmunyao01@gmail.com"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/95211922?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Munyao Kelvin</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/GeriLife/companionship-care/commits?author=Marsh-sudo" title="Code">💻</a></td>
      <td align="center"><a href="http://steamcommunity.com/id/lkx7_adhd"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/29896527?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>TheMythologist</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#infra-TheMythologist" title="Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)">🚇</a> <a href="https://github.com/GeriLife/companionship-care/commits?author=TheMythologist" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!
